Fix Advanced example in doc (#903)
qiboteam/qibocal: doc/source/tutorials/advanced.rst

Qibocal also allows executing protocols without the standard :ref:`interface <interface>`.

In the following tutorial we show how to run a single protocol using Qibocal as a library.
For this particular example we will focus on the `t1_signal protocol
<https://github.com/qiboteam/qibocal/blob/main/src/qibocal/protocols/coherence/t1_signal.py>`_ (see also :ref:`t1`).

.. code-block:: python

    import pathlib
    from qibolab import create_platform

    from qibocal.auto.execute import Executor
    from qibocal.auto.mode import ExecutionMode
    from qibocal.protocols import t1_signal

    # allocate platform
    platform = create_platform("....")

    #creare executor
    executor = Executor.create(
      platform=platform,
      output=pathlib.Path("experiment_data")
    )

The executor is responsible to running the routines on a platform and eventually store the history of multiple experiments.

> ``t1_signal``, that we import, is a `Routine <https://qibo.science/qibocal/stable/api-reference/qibocal.auto.html#qibocal.auto.operation.Routine>`_ object which contains all the necessary

Reviewer: I believe that there should be a way in sphinx to reference the object without using the url.

Reviewer 2: If it's not in scope, you should use the full path, but it should be something like:
```suggestion
``t1_signal``, that we import, is a :class:`qibocal.auto.operation.Routine` object which contains all the necessary
```
https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/domains/python.html#role-py-class
(since Python is default "domain", the initial `:py` may be omitted)

    t1_params = {
        "id": "t1_experiment",
        "targets": [0],  # we are defining here which qubits to analyze
        "operation": "t1_signal",
        "parameters": {
            "delay_before_readout_start": 0,
            "delay_before_readout_end": 20_000,
            "delay_before_readout_step": 50,
        },
    }

After defining the parameters, the user can perform the acquisition using
``executor.run_protocol`` which accepts the following parameters:

* ``protocol`` (:class:`qibocal.auto.operation.Routine`): protocol
* ``parameters`` (Dict): parameters dictionary
* ``mode`` (:class:`qibocal.auto.mode.ExecutionMode`): can be ExecutionMode.ACQUIRE or ExecutionMode.FIT

.. code-block:: python

    executor.run_protocol(t1_signal, t1_params, ExecutionMode.ACQUIRE)
    executor.run_protocol(t1_signal, t1_params, ExecutionMode.FIT)

In this way we have first executed the acquisition part of the experiment and then performed the fit on the acquired data.

The user can now use the raw data acquired by the quantum processor to perform
an arbitrary post-processing analysis. This is one of the main advantages of this API
compared to the cli execution.

> The history, that contains both the raw data (added with ExecutionMode.ACQUIRE) and the fit data (added with ExecutionMode.FIT) can be accessed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The history, that contains both the raw data (added with :attr:`ExecutionMode.ACQUIRE`) and the fit data (added with :attr:`ExecutionMode.FIT`) can be accessed:
```

Reviewer 2: Most likely you will need the fully qualified identifier, i.e. `qibocal.auto.mode.ExecutionMode.ACQUIRE`.

.. code-block:: python

    history = executor.history
    t1_res = history["t1_experiment"]  # id of the protocol

    data = t1_res.data  # raw data
    results = t1_res.results  # fit data

> In particulary the history object returns a dictionary that links the id of the experiments with the :class:`qibocal.auto.task.Completed` object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In particular, the history object returns a dictionary that links the id of the experiments with the :class:`qibocal.auto.task.Completed` object
```

Step by step tutorial
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> All protocols are located in `src/qibocal/protocols <https://github.com/qiboteam/qibocal/tree/main/src/qibocal/protocols/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All protocols are located in :mod:`qibocal.protocols`.
```
